Content Security Policy: add a section related to CSP (#4976)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/Common/Security Considerations/30 Export Vulnerabilities/20 ExcelJS Vulnerabilities.md

> The DataGrid and PivotGrid components use the [ExcelJS](https://github.com/exceljs/exceljs) third-party library to export data to Excel. If you implement the export functionality and apply CSP rules, you should include the `window.regeneratorRuntime = null;` expression before the ExcelJS sources will load.

Reviewer: Give a link to CSP article on 'CSP rules'.

> The DataGrid and PivotGrid components use the [ExcelJS](https://github.com/exceljs/exceljs) third-party library to export data to Excel. If you implement the export functionality and apply CSP rules, you should include the `window.regeneratorRuntime = null;` expression before the ExcelJS sources will load.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The DataGrid and PivotGrid components use the [ExcelJS](https://github.com/exceljs/exceljs) third-party library to export data to Excel. If you implement export functionality and apply CSP rules, you should include the following initialization code before the line that loads ExcelJS sources: `window.regeneratorRuntime = null;` 
```
